It all right.
Welcome back.
I'm a student so we have our one to one installation Clarabelle ready.
The next thing to do is to open it up.
So let's go ahead and open it up in ph being storm in my case effusions of blind go ahead and use sublime
.
And then I click on open new project re open and I'm going to look for my desktop of course and action
on my desktop what my folder where I have this right nose and users.
And it should be under Applications
.
And let's go right here.
That's not it that's not a word is it.
Where is where is it.
It was easier to find before but we go Sam.
I can just type in the address right there if I wanted to.
I took the long route this time anyway.
One to one I close this out.
All right cool.
So the next thing to do here and this is the typical workflow right next thing to do is to create a
database.
But first we need it to name right.
So let's go to the EMV here.
Let's name our database.
Right.
So I'm going to create.
We're going to create a database called 1 to 1 on that score.
Right.
You don't have to put on the score.
You can just leave it the way it is like this.
And that's say actually for invigoration it.
This is it.
Right but here we are using BHB my admin so we do have a route and this has to be left empty.
OK because we have no password when we install Zahm by default.
All right.
So now we need to go here and create our migration real quick.
But before we do that let's go ahead and create a database.
Impeach be my admin right.
So BHB my admin Antar.
Let's create a database and you know make sure that I don't have any other data.
It's like OK databases one to one.
That was the name we gave it create.
All right.
Let's say that's all we've got to do with this.
I'm going to minimize this because we might need it later on just to say things are a couple of things
that we're doing.
Perfect.
All right.
So now I want to create a migration because actually we already have a migration.
I'm going to show you we have one by default and you guys know that already right is in the database
for a year.
We have the users and we have the password but we need a migration for our for the relationship since
we're going to be doing a cross in this relationship right.
So let's do a migration real quick.
BHB artists can make as to the model and let's call this a dress and we go there we go.
Now we have this migration and it's going to be just an address and we're going to be able to do the
crowd saying that the U.S. has one address and we're going to do the everything there that we need to
do.
So let's go ahead and say string.
And it's going to be the name of the
array of the address or name and address field or something like that or we could even create a CD house
number whatever we want is going to leave it like this as name.
Now I'm going to go here to my termino.
I'm going to say BHB in my agree because I'm ready.
Answer.
We have migrated that and now we have BHP my admin here somewhere I'm just going to refresh it.
And now we have our migrations done and everything set out for us to start doing the crud.
All right.
So I hope you're having a lot of fun and I'll see you in the next lecture.